Update "Use Origin Trials in Microsoft Edge" per new OT portal (#3288)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/origin-trials/index.md

Reviewer: in portal & article, Init Caps or lowercase?
According to this Chrome docs team article, "origin trial" is normally/usually lowercase:
https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/origin-trials

rendered article:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials/?branch=pr-en-us-3288

@leahmsft

Reviewer: keeping as lowercased, for review

Reviewer: global in repo: update all Origin Trial content (text & pngs)
@leahmsft @captainbrosset 
i'll do this and then re-approve PR; will enter Changes Requested to cancel previous approval

## Renew an origin trial token

Origin trial tokens expire every 6 weeks by default.  After the origin trial token expires, you must renew the token.  You can renew the token before it expires.

To renew an origin trial token that has expired or is about to expire:

1. Go to **My Registered Trials** and select an origin trial.

1. Click **Renew**.  A fresh token is sent to you.

1. Copy the new token and use it on your site; see [How to use an origin trial token](#how-to-use-an-origin-trial-token), above.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Developer guidelines

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Allowed origins

Edge origin trials only support SSL-enabled domains. For localhost testing of a feature, please use the appropriate Edge Feature Flag located in `edge://flags`. In the future, we may publish public tokens that are valid for localhost testing. 

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Subdomains, URL paths, and query parameters

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Subdomains

Origin trial tokens can be configured to support any of the following:

> * A single domain, without supporting its subdomains.  For example, register `https://example.com`, and in the **Subdomain Support** section, select the **No** option button.

Reviewer: updated ui verbiage per new portal

* A single subdomain.  For example, register `https://beta.example.com`, and in the **Subdomain Support** section, select the **No** option button.
* A domain and its subdomains.  For example, register `https://example.com`, and in the **Subdomain Support** section, select the **Yes** option button.
<!-- todo: check section heading & option button labels at microsoft.com portal; the above ui is from github.io portal -->

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Paths in URLs, and query parameters

In URLs, paths and query parameters aren't supported by the origin trial system.  When registering for an origin trial, if a URI is submitted that has a trailing path or a query parameter, such as `https://example.com/path/new-feature`, the root domain (`https://example.com`) will be registered, without the trailing path or query parameter.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Duration of an origin trial

<!-- ---------- -->
###### A scheduled expiration date

> Once you have registered for a trial, your token will be valid until the expiration date that's listed on the origin trial's informational card.  After this date, the token will no longer function, and the feature that's associated with the trial will be considered ready to ship, or will be brought back<!-- todo: clarify "brought back" - removed from OT portal? --> for further development based on developer feedback. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have registered for a trial, your token will be valid until the expiration date that's listed on the origin trial's informational card.  After this date, the token will no longer function, and the feature that's associated with the trial will be considered ready to ship, or the feature will be withheld for further development based on developer feedback. 
```
* "brought back" - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/global-communications/writing-tips - "Avoid idioms, colloquial expressions, and culture-specific references. They can be confusing for non-native English speakers and hard to localize."

Reviewer: result:
```
After you register for a trial, your token remains valid until the expiration date that's listed on the origin trial's informational card.  After this date, the token will no longer function, and the feature that's associated with the trial will be considered ready to ship, or the feature will be withheld for further development.
```
@leahmsft - alts:
* withheld
* brought back

* If the feature team has collected enough feedback and has concluded that the currently proposed API doesn't meet the web developer needs, and a major redesign needs to happen.

If an experiment ends early, the feature team that owns the origin trial sends emails to all developers who are enrolled in the experiment. 

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Opting out of an experiment

To opt out of an experiment that you're enrolled in, remove the origin trial token from the `<meta>` tag or from the server response headers, shown in [How to use an origin trial token](#how-to-use-an-origin-trial-token), above.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Best practices for experimental feature implementation

Treat origin trials as experimental.  Provide graceful fallback mechanisms in case the origin trial token expires, or in case the browser feature team ends the origin trial.

For best practices for feature detection, see [Implementing feature detection](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Learn/Tools_and_testing/Cross_browser_testing/Feature_detection) at MDN.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## See also

Reviewer: added 
* [Get started with origin trials](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/origin-trials) - Chrome docs.
ok?  @leahmsft

Reviewer: keeping link, for review

1. Click the **Feedback** button.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Submit public feedback about an origin trial

The GitHub Issues UI allows public discourse about ergonomics and stability of a feature.

To provide public feedback for an origin trial:

1. Go to [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials).

1. Select an active trial.

1. Click the **Issues** button next to the registration button for the origin trial.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Renew an origin trial token

Origin trial tokens expire every 6 weeks by default.  After the origin trial token expires, you must renew the token.  You can renew the token before it expires.

To renew an origin trial token that has expired or is about to expire:

1. Go to **My Registered Trials** and select an origin trial.

1. Click **Renew**.  A fresh token is sent to you.

1. Copy the new token and use it on your site; see [How to use an origin trial token](#how-to-use-the-origin-trial-token), above.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Allowed origins

> Edge origin trials only support SSL-enabled domains. For localhost testing of a feature, please use the appropriate Edge Feature Flag located in `edge://flags`. In the future, we may publish public tokens that are valid for localhost testing.

Reviewer: Deleting "In the future, we may publish public tokens that are valid for localhost testing."
, even though it's present at https://microsoftedge.github.io/MSEdgeExplainers/origin-trials/
The statement shouldn't be present there, unless someone got special exception.

Docs should cover how the system presently works - not how they worked in the past or might work in the future.  Avoid promises.
https://developers.google.com/style/timeless-documentation
@leahmsft - i can probably find equivalent guideline in our corp style guide; says use present tense...

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Subdomains, URL paths, and query parameters

Reviewer: move up to bottom of Register section, where this info is needed

Reviewer: i integrated/moved info about how to fill in the form, into the steps for Registering
@leahmsft

Replace `EXAMPLE_TOKEN` by your token.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Perform feature detection, and provide graceful fallback

In your website code, perform feature detection.  See [Implementing feature detection](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Learn/Tools_and_testing/Cross_browser_testing/Feature_detection) at MDN.

In your website code, provide graceful fallback mechanisms in case the origin-trial token expires, or in case the Microsoft Edge feature team ends the origin trial.  Treat origin trials as experimental.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Test the origin-trial feature at `localhost`

To test an origin-trial feature at `localhost`, go to `edge://flags` and turn on the appropriate feature flag.  Microsoft Edge origin trials only support SSL-enabled domains, not `localhost`.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Opt out of an origin trial experiment

To opt out of an experiment (origin trial) that you're enrolled in, remove the origin trial token from the `<meta>` tag or from the server response headers.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Renew an origin trial token

> Origin trial tokens expire in 6 weeks, by default<!-- todo: strike ", by default"? -->.  When the origin trial token expires, you must renew the token, which means generating a fresh, new token for this origin trial.  You can renew the token before it expires.

Reviewer: strike "by default"?  raises unresolved questions.  if we keep "by default", need to add hint or explanation of what scenario would be other than the default.  
are we saying that some tokens expire in 4 weeks or 8 weeks, depending on feature team?
@leahmsft

To support the experimental APIs, users don't need to go to `edge://flags` on their own device to access the experimental APIs that your site uses.  Instead, you register the origin that you want to use the experimental feature on (for example, `https://www.contoso.com:443`), and you'll then be sent a token that you add to the code of your website.

To see a list of the available origin trials and register your origin to give them a try, see [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials).  To assess the suitability of using the experimental APIs on your website, check the minimum version requirements for Microsoft Edge, and the trial end date.

You can also provide feedback to browser engineers and the web standards community about the design of the API, your use cases, or your experience using the APIs.

> > [!IMPORTANT] 

Reviewer: Convert alert to standard specific heading.

https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/help/platform/markdown-reference?branch=main#alerts-note-tip-important-caution-warning - "Avoid Note, Tip, and Important alerts—readers tend to skip over them. Placing that info directly into the article text is better."

i plan to push commit

> > If you're interested in the Ad Selection API origin trial, please register [here](https://microsoftedge.github.io/MSEdgeExplainers/origin-trials/). [Learn more about sign-up.](../web-platform/ad-selection-api.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're interested in the Ad Selection API origin trial, register [here](https://microsoftedge.github.io/MSEdgeExplainers/origin-trials/). [Learn more about sign-up.](../web-platform/ad-selection-api.md)
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/p/please - avoid 'please'

i plan to push commit

> > If you're interested in the Ad Selection API origin trial, please register [here](https://microsoftedge.github.io/MSEdgeExplainers/origin-trials/). [Learn more about sign-up.](../web-platform/ad-selection-api.md)

Reviewer: change [here] link text to dest title per corp style

i plan to push commit

dest title = [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials]
```suggestion
> To sign up for the Ad Selection API origin trial, go to [Microsoft Edge Origin Trials]https://microsoftedge.github.io/MSEdgeExplainers/origin-trials/). [Learn more about sign-up.](../web-platform/ad-selection-api.md)
```

additional retagging/reformat is required; i'll push commit

## Getting Started

To register for an origin trial, 
1. [Go to Microsoft Edge Origin Trials](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/origin-trials) and select an active trial.

2. Complete the registration form and click the **Submit** button to get a valid token. 

To use an origin trial token, you can use one of these two options: 

> 1. Using a `<meta>` Tag: Add an origin-trial tag to the head of any page. 

Reviewer: change this numbered list to unordered list bc not sequential

i plan to push commit
